 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Support deal leads in customer engagement and relationship building within the US utility-scale solar market by preparing comparative technology analyses, financial models and technical sales presentations. Attend meetings and virtual or in-person conferences and build relationships with current and prospective customers. Drive customer education on First Solar's value proposition and provide timely response to customer inquiries, both technical and commercial. Run competitive analyses on First Solar technology relative to other products in the market. Maintain up-to-date technical sales collateral in preparation for and response to requests for proposal (RFPs). Track and analyze opportunity pipelines within Salesforce, vet and support further engagement of inbound leads.",
  "Required Skills": "Passion for renewable energy, innovative PV technology and American manufacturing. Strong interpersonal skills, excellent written and oral communication skills. Self-motivated with critical thinking, planning, organization and execution mindset. Demonstrated ability to work independently and take initiative. Highly organized and efficient with time management, able to track and execute across several workflows simultaneously. Ability to clearly and rapidly define problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions. High-level proficiency in MS Office suite, particularly Excel and PowerPoint.", 
  "Educational Requirements": "Bachelor's degree highlighting exemplary scholarly performance in a technical or analytical field like engineering, finance, business administration, economics, etc. Masters degree in business or engineering preferred.",
  "Experience Level": "Minimum 2 years experience within the solar industry, ideally in a technical sales or product management role. Masters degree can count for 1 year of experience.",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "Prior experience supporting sales accounts technically and/or commercially a plus. Knowledge of financial modeling and experience with energy prediction software preferred. Understanding of PV technology landscape, power markets, players and LCOE drivers preferred. Experience with Salesforce and other CRMs preferred.",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "N/A"
}