 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Build, maintain and grow customer relationships through cold calls and consistent communication. Research leads, uncover needs and persuade decision makers to let Coyote service their freight. Use creative and persistent methods to prospect and generate new business opportunities. Serve as a consultative resource to customers regarding service offerings, market trends, industry standards and effectively provide quotes considering all variable factors. Maintaining operational efficiencies for book of business through functions that include but are not limited to load building, scheduling, issue escalation and capacity securement. Work with carrier managers to secure best viable options, calling carriers to get additional options and track when necessary.",
  "Required Skills": "Prior sales, operations or customer service experience preferred. Strong negotiation skills & persuasiveness, aggressiveness, confidence. Efficient time management skills with the ability to recognize and prioritize profitable opportunities. Strong relationship building skills and the ability to be a team player while working independently. Effective and professional communication skills and strong customer service skills. Confident decision-making skills, problem solving ability, issue resolution skills. Entrepreneurial and competitive spirit, passion, self-motivation, organization and attention to detail. Adaptability, multitasking ability, sense of urgency, persistence and resilience. Ability to maintain composure in stressful situations.",  
  "Educational Requirements": "N/A",
  "Experience Level": "Prior sales, operations or customer service experience preferred.",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "N/A",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "Competitive pay, comprehensive benefits package, internal advancement opportunities for high performers, global opportunities, casual dress & many perks, diverse and inclusive environment, opportunities to impact the world around you through our sustainability initiatives."
}