 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Conduct criminal and social history investigations. Locate, contact and interview witnesses, other suspects, family members, employers and medical or psychological service providers to obtain information pertaining to the case. Travel throughout Ohio and outside the state as necessary to locate, interview and investigate witnesses, evidence materials and records. Review case materials. Conduct interviews with clients, witnesses and other parties. Create reports, presentations and record findings. Gather and organize records, evidence materials pertinent to case. Meet with defense team to brainstorm, collaborate and identify case strategy based on investigative findings.",
  "Required Skills": "At least 12 months experience as criminal investigator; Or at least 6 months experience in conducting criminal investigations of felonies & misdemeanors or claim fraud; Or at least 6 months experience in conducting investigations of complaints, possible violations of laws, rules or agency/company policies & procedures; or equivalent of minimum class qualifications for employment noted above.",
  "Educational Requirements": "N/A", 
  "Experience Level": "At least 12 months experience as criminal investigator; Or at least 6 months experience in conducting criminal investigations of felonies & misdemeanors or claim fraud; Or at least 6 months experience in conducting investigations of complaints, possible violations of laws, rules or agency/company policies & procedures; or equivalent of minimum class qualifications for employment noted above.",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "N/A",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "The criminal investigator 2 position is assigned to the state of Ohio's OCSEA pay schedule pay range 29. Unless required by legislation or union contract, starting salary will be the minimum salary of that pay range (step A), currently $19.68 per hour associated with this position. These ranges provide a standardized pathway for pay increases with continued employment. New hires move to the next step in the range after 12 months and annually thereafter. The state of Ohio typically has cost of living adjustments that increase wages in these ranges each fiscal year. \n\ncriminal investigator 2 pay range hourly step A step B step c step D step E step F step G \n29      $19.68      $20.58       $21.52       $22.53       $23.82       $25.36       $27.15"
}