 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Own customer escalations from engagement to resolution creating high quality customer support experiences for our patients. Serve as the primary touchpoint for patients with inquiries, problems or complaints that could not be solved by our patient experience team. De-escalate upset patients quickly, calmly and consistently. Provide feedback to management about customer issues. Advocate for patients and coordinate their care with external organizations such as insurance companies, pharmacies and specialists. Think creatively to solve problems standing in the way of patient experience, care or outcomes. Assist with billing and other insurance issues. Learn the entire patient experience from start to finish to be able to help patients navigate their medical care with ease. Execute complex workflows to ensure high quality patient care and compliance with hippa laws.",
  "Required Skills": "Must have at least 1 year of experience in escalations department where most or all of your time was spent on de-escalating upset customers and finding solutions for them. Effective communication at a high level and under stress. Calm, confident and empathetic demeanor when handling customer complaints. Ability and eagerness to adapt to a fast-paced environment and learn quickly. A digital native comfortable with technology and development. Experience using a computer in your professional career. A minimum typing speed of 40 words per minute. A passion for excellent customer service and problem-solving.",
  "Educational Requirements": "N/A", 
  "Experience Level": "At least 1 year of experience in escalations department",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "Prior experience working remotely / working from home. Prior experience in a venture-backed healthcare or startup/technology setting is an asset. Prior management experience in a hospitality/retail or customer service setting is an asset. Ambition to have a long term career in healthcare is an asset. Experience living in the US or using the US healthcare system is an asset.",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "In alignment with our values Circle Medical has transparent salaries based on location (San Francisco, Montreal or remote in US) and output levels. This is a full-time contracted position with an hourly compensation of $15 USD per hour."
}