 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Execution and management of the risk assessment lifecycle for GitHub products and operating environments including reporting on planning and tracking remediation/mitigation plans. Engagement with GitHub team members and GitHub and Azure compliance partners in detailed research and analysis of technical and process centric requirements in support of new initiatives, continuous improvement and remediation efforts.",
  "Required Skills": "2+ years prior work experience in technical risk management, information security or other GRC areas with a focus in a technical capacity at a large SaaS provider. 2+ years experience performing technical risk management lifecycle program work including assessment, reporting and remediation planning and tracking activities. Practical experience with one or more risk or other industry regulatory frameworks (CMMI, NIST CSF, NIST RMF, FAIR, ISO, COSO, COBIT, AICPA TSP/SOC, PCI, FedRAMP/NIST, etc). 2+ years experience building project plans and tracking completion, negotiating commitments and escalating on blocking issues constructively. Experience standing up and/or administering applications and tooling with a growth mindset for learning scripting and automating processes. Proven communication skills and ability to understand the value and drivers behind adjusting style and tone for a given audience including technical and non-technical peers across the company. Strong independent motivation, high comfort level with written communication, use of chat tools and asynchronous communication skills.",
  "Educational Requirements": "N/A",
  "Experience Level": "2+ years experience in technical risk management, information security or other GRC areas",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "Experience with a team-centric mindset drawn to collaboration with a belief that we create a better result together. Mastery at digging into problems, answering questions and assisting colleagues both within the GRC team and across the company. Experience in an iterative, transparent environment where work is shared in draft stages and the belief of code speaks louder than words. Proficiency at working under ambiguous situations with demonstrated drive to bring clarity using communication and independent research of existing documentation and resources. Expertise in functioning as a business to technology translator and help bridge the business view of compliance and risk management to technical engineering and operations staff and vice versa. Demonstrated confidence in ability to say “I don’t know but I will find out” with a strong desire to learn. Proven success in developing and using metrics/KPIs to assess, report on and improve program performance. CISSP, CRISC, CISA, CIA or other relevant independent certification or equivalent education.",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "Colorado only - minimum salary of $125K to maximum $185K, bonus 15%, equity, benefits.\nNote disclosure as required by $8-5-103 of the minimum salary compensation for this role when being hired in Colorado."
}