 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Provide direction and supervision to staff in the field. Confer regularly with current customers in person and by telephone to provide information about products or services or obtain details of concerns. Confer with operations manager on policy interpretation and implementation. Participate in routine meetings, conference calls, seminars and conferences. Ensure all work is performed in accordance with safety policies and regulations to promote a safe working environment. Account for hours and materials expended by crew members to minimize labor cost through daily/weekly/monthly tracking reports. Read and interpret utility maps & prints to identify the type and size of underground utilities. Develop a work breakdown schedule with milestones for project completion that effectively allocates the resources to the activities and review with senior management as well as updating schedules as a result of delays due to weather, supply issues, etc.",
  "Required Skills": "Valid license, good driving record and ability to obtain and maintain a valid DOT medical card. CDL license a plus. Current NASSCO certifications (PACP, MACP, LACP) a plus. Ability to work in varying conditions (heat & cold). Physically able to wear personal protective equipment (PPE) when necessary and lift 50+ lbs routinely. Accountability and punctuality. Proficient in reading and understanding blueprints and construction drawings. Proficient in the use of computers including word processing, data base management, spreadsheets, email and internet.",
  "Educational Requirements": "N/A",
  "Experience Level": "N/A", 
  "Preferred Qualifications": "N/A",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "Competitive pay. Paid time off (PTO). 401k plan with employer match. Life, ADD, Short term and Long term disability & Employee Assistance Program paid by CK. Excellent health care coverage-medical, dental and vision. Uniforms. Prescription safety glass program. Safety boot reimbursement program. Year round work."
}