 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Understand client needs and develop strong client relationships. Be capable of managing financial and technical aspects of projects. Execute projects to meet technical, quality, budgetary and scheduling requirements. Demonstrate very strong verbal communications and written skills including client deliverables and regulatory submittals. Be effective in assigning and managing work. Demonstrate strong coaching and mentoring skills. Have skills in quality control planning, cost estimating and scheduling. Have experience in planning and directing environmental field observation and testing programs including laboratory test selection and data evaluation. Work collaboratively and lead multidisciplinary project teams on all aspects the project to address client goals and objectives with primary focus on site investigations to delineate the extent of contamination in soil, sediment, groundwater, surface water and soil gas including Phase I/Phase II environmental assessments, developing remedial alternative analysis assessments and remedial action work plans.",
  "Required Skills": "Minimum of bachelor of science in civil or environmental engineering, geology/hydrogeology, environmental science or related field. Masters degree highly preferred. Minimum of 10 years of environmental experience. Computer skills – strong computer literacy skills including proficiency in industry standard software. OSHA, HAZWOPER and MSHA/New Miner training required. Familiarity with earthwork site/civil geotechnical stormwater aspects of residential/commercial/industrial projects is expected.",
  "Educational Requirements": "Minimum of bachelor of science in civil or environmental engineering, geology/hydrogeology, environmental science or related field. Masters degree highly preferred.",
  "Experience Level": "Minimum of 10 years of environmental experience",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "Experience in engineering design supporting site/civil and geoenvironmental projects associated with site civil development, heavy industry and waste management. Coal combustion residual (CCR) and industrial/solid waste management experience a plus.",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "N/A"
}