 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Work with ebusiness analysts and customers to identify technical solutions needed for customers. Propose, design and deliver technical solutions according to required timelines. Review all customer technical specifications ensuring information is accurate prior to submitting to application messaging team. Work directly with technical teams to test requested changes and verify that customer technical solutions are met. Act as subject matter expert during customer meetings to discuss any technical concerns or connection issues. Perform configuration and periodic code changes to meet customer requirements. Oversee and review configuration changes before they are moved into production systems. Assist eBDMs and other integration team members with technical questions and concerns. Manage the prioritization of complex code requests for new or existing ebusiness solutions submitted to the Application Messaging team. Verify the Integration Support Analyst has documented the customer deployment accurately from a technical standpoint.",
  "Required Skills": "2+ years experience required, 5+ years strongly preferred. 2 year degree or equivalent work experience required. Experience in Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, Excel, SAP and EDI and HTML strongly preferred. Knowledge of large enterprise project management software (JIRA) preferred. Knowledge of complex technical concepts and how to express them in business terms. Strong technical skills and general technical background to support recommendations and solutions as needed. Strong analytical, problem solving and conceptual skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Strong organizational and multitasking skills to handle multiple deployments simultaneously. Ability to work independently and make sound decisions based on a mix of analysis, experience and judgment. Ability to work effectively with people across all levels of the organization.",
  "Educational Requirements": "2 year degree or equivalent work experience required",
  "Experience Level": "Minimum of 2 years experience required, 5 years strongly preferred",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "Experience in Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, Excel, SAP and EDI and HTML strongly preferred. Knowledge of large enterprise project management software (JIRA) preferred.",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "The expected rate of pay for this position is $60,000 annually. Comprehensive benefits and employee stock ownership plan. 3 weeks vacation accrued in first 6 months. Medical, dental, vision, life insurance, disability, profit sharing, 401k with match, paid vacation/sick days/holidays, employee recognition program."
}