 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Manage full cycle recruiting for multiple complex searches creating innovative sourcing strategies and engagement to bring the best talent to each role. Develop and execute fully comprehensive sourcing plans analyzing requirements to identify target profile needs and matches. Coordinate closely with recruiting team members to innovate our research strategy for talent pooling, market mapping and competitor analysis.",
  "Required Skills": "2+ years experience in full-cycle recruiting focused on corp recruiting. A blend of agency and in-house startup experience is preferred. Strong sourcing skills with a proven track of turning passive candidates into hires. Experience leveraging niche channels to source candidates (diversity and inclusion events, etc). Experience using the tools of the trade (ATS systems, we use Lever, LinkedIn, Leveraging social media, Indeed, Seekout, Dice, Github, other sourcing tools, etc). Self-starter who enjoys a fast-paced collaborative environment, great organization skills. Knowledge with recruiting tools, applicant tracking systems, data management/reporting techniques and software, collaboration tools.",
  "Educational Requirements": "N/A", 
  "Experience Level": "2+ years experience in full-cycle recruiting focused on corp recruiting",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "Experience creating and fostering partnerships with internal leadership and executive teams. Experience influencing and driving towards results. Superb customer focus, attention to detail and organization skills. Strong written and verbal communications skills. Previous startup/SaaS experience a plus.",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "Covered medical/dental/vision for employee + for dependents. Equity. Generous PTO policy. Flexible workplace policy. Team offsites. Life insurance. FSA. Paid maternity/paternity leave. Disability insurance. Travel assistance program. Counseling services offered to employees. Access to personal and professional growth tools (Calm app + LinkedIn Learning)."
}