 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Participate in creating quarterly work plan of activities in support of customer/vendor goals and/or strategies. Provide input to creation of rolling maintenance plan of activities 6 months in advance. Contribute to capacity and scalability planning efforts. Develops and implements standards and guidelines to guide infrastructure strategy. Plans and migrates legacy software and systems to leverage current web technologies.",
  "Required Skills": "2+ years IT experience. 2+ years experience working with HCL Commerce and/or Sterling Order Management. 2+ years experience with WebSphere Application Server or similar installation and performance tuning. Excellent understanding of WebLogic or WebSphere admin server/node manager/managed server components and architecture and concepts including PKI/TLS, LDAP/OUD, multiple domains. 2+ years experience with automation and deployment tools e.g. Ruby, Puppet, Chef, Jenkins. Strong knowledge of container deployment and analysis of log files. Understanding of the key underlying enterprise Java technologies e.g. JMS, JDBC, JNDI including how they are configured and administered. Working knowledge of Nginx or Apache-based webserver. Understanding of DNS, TCP/IP, load balancing and network concepts. Very good working knowledge of Linux. Good understanding of J2EE technologies e.g. servlets, JSPs, EJBs, Web Services etc.",
  "Educational Requirements": "Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent in related field or equivalent experience", 
  "Experience Level": "5 years IT experience",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "Automation and deployment tools (Jenkins, Git). Container management and deployment (Docker). Configuration management tools (Puppet, Chef). Cloud hosting experience. Infrastructure as Code (CloudFormation). Application performance monitoring (Dynatrace or similar). IBM Websphere Commerce. Good knowledge of LDAP concepts and experience working with a LDAP directory. Adobe Experience Manager CMS or similar. IBM MQ experience. Search platforms like Solr. IBM Sterling Order Management experience.",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "The annual salary for this position is between $80,000-$100,000 depending on the experience and other qualifications of the successful candidate. A general description of the benefits can be found here. This position is also eligible for long-term incentive compensation awards based on performance and subject to the terms of the company's applicable plans."
}