 {
  "Core Responsibilities": "Maintains essential infrastructure systems including OS, applications servers, storage devices, email systems, laptops, desktops, software and hardware. Manages backup solutions, software and hardware, configures back up jobs, runs backup recovery jobs as needed. Manages remote monitor and management solution for endpoints for deployment of software applications and updates. Responsible for maintaining all OS software and antivirus definitions up to date on all of Vera's workstations/servers/systems. Responsible for the administration of cloud-based applications and integrations with Vera's identity provider solution.",
  "Required Skills": "Bachelor's degree + 3 years of relevant experience (in lieu of a bachelor's degree, applicable work or life experience may be considered). Experience in managing/maintaining systems: Meraki, VMware, AWS, Azure, NAS, SAN. Proficient with Microsoft Office suite, Windows 10 administration experience, Windows Server and networking, web conferencing tools, remote desktop tools, helpdesk ticketing system. Proficient in Active Directory, users and computer group policies and good communication skills (verbal and written). Experience in systems administration, software deployment and networking concepts with hands on experience on firewall, Cisco Meraki, TCP/IP protocols, public DNS settings and SSL certificate administration from public CA. Cloud administration experience: AWS.",  
  "Educational Requirements": "Bachelor's degree",
  "Experience Level": "3 years of relevant experience",
  "Preferred Qualifications": "Certifications: Network, Security (CySA+, MCSA, AWS)",
  "Compensation and Benefits": "The compensation range for this position is $60K-$90K. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institute’s total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the wellbeing of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to $2,500 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan and flexible time and remote work schedules."
}